# Feedback Meeting
**Participants: Bram Thelen, Hans Cornelissen, Jeroen Dezaire and Rajat Sinha**  
**Date: 28-08-2018**  
**Start Time: 11:35**  
**Duration: 45 minutes**  

## Meeting Agenda

-	Feedback regarding Rajat's work in the first 2 months.
-	Expectations for this year.
-	Alignment between TMC and TNO

## Meeting Discussions

- Rajat started with stating the agenda for the meeting and then shared his experience at TNO for the past 2.5 months.
- Hans and Jeroen provided the following feedback regarding Rajat's work:  
    - Very motivated
    - Eager to learn
    - Learning progress has been slower than expected
    - Backend developement seems to be better suited to Rajat's expertise
- Hans mentioned the following points as a scope for improvement:
    - Time management
    - Setting realistic deadlines
- Following points were discussed as the expectations for this year:
    - Divide time between working towards the frontend and backend development
    - Documenting the web interface
    - Work on other projects - Exposense & KIP artificial intelligence 
- Bram and Jeroen discussed regarding setting up two future meetings:
    - Appraisal meeting
    - Work contract meeting - To discuss extending the work contract for Rajat

## Action Items

- Appraisal meeting - October end or November
- Work contract meeting - May or June 2019


